welcome to motor legends TV my name is
John Lloyd today I'm going to be looking
at the shark Street Fighter helmet
sometimes known as a shark rule helmet
it's new for 2013 it retails for 189 99
to 200 999 depending on the colorway
comes in extra small to double XL so
what have we got here apart from the
fact that it looks amazing this is an
open face helmet so it's for the urban
rider it's got an aerodynamic shell made
with thermoplastic resin and of course
the interesting feature about this
helmet is the fact we've got the goggles
in the face mask as you can see the
goggles and the face Marquardt are
actually attached internally to the
helmet so not going to fall off in I'm
going to lose them at all and the beauty
is is is that you this helmet can be
used for fast riding followed by urban
riding so let's suppose you're going
down to the coast for the day from
London obviously you're going to be
shooting down some a roads you're going
to be wanting to make sure that
everything is there keeping keeping the
wind out of your face and protecting
your face with the face mask as soon as
you arrive at the coast nice urban roads
it's just a case of lifting up the
goggles and now you have a full open
face helmet no problem at all on the way
back home to a good day out goggles back
on no problem at all there if you don't
want the face mask this will actually
come off no problem at all just pull
that like that and now you've just left
with the goggles again it can be lifted
up no problem at all so in terms of the
ventilation of the helmet it's quite
clever system we have this silicone
rubber key that sits at the top here and
basically when you pull the key out the
air goes in goes through the helmet
keeps your call if you don't want to be
kept cool because obviously it's cold
outside at the end of the day or
something like that it's a case of just
putting in that rubber key back in it
blocks the whole up no ventilations
going through in terms of the actual
goggles found a few questions on the
website about this already yes the
goggles will get scratched I'm sure and
you yes you can buy replacements in
terms of the replacing them it's very
easy to do it's just a case of taking
off these bits of plastic on the on the
rear side they just unclip like that and
it's a case of doing it both sides you
pull the strap like that and replace the
goggles we will be having some darker
tinted goggles so they'll be on the
website as soon as the prices are
available to us so what else if I tell
you about this we can talk about the
strap here the buckle system it's a
ratchet system simple goes in lift up
pull out all the lining itself is all
removable so it can all be clean no
problem at all it goes in nicely with a
few good clips and what have you that's
all fine there as I said it's 180 999
sizes extra small to double XL available
now on a motor legends calm website
coming in at the end of March if you've
got any further questions going on to
the website do a search for shark
streetfighter put a question on there we
gladly answer it no problem at all but
that's about it thanks very much for
listening and see you again soon cheers